so much decided to change their
packaging for the rub rub rub shower
scrub and this is how it looks like it's
in the tub so you have to scoop it up
with your own hands like ocean salt and
pick shampoo after those who didn't know
rubb Bubb rubb used to be in bottles
like these this one is from the UK and
this one is from North America as you
can see they're different colors and
they also are different in texture and
the main reason why Russia's switched
and the packaging for rub rub rub is
because of the the lid this one from the
UK has a little hole right there and
it's difficult to squeeze out the big
chunks of salt but the one from North
America the lid is like that you just
pop it open and um the Robert Brout
formula in North America is more watery
and the salt crystals aren't as big as
the lens in the UK so I didn't really
have a problem with the RUP RUP RUP for
North America coming out at the lid but
for some reason the one from the UK not
a smart move on the lid and the big salt
crystals that don't even come out that
is why my rap rap rap from the UK is
practically still full so this is how
the new rub rub rub looks like in the
tub look at it it's so watery the reason
why it's so watery is because all the
salt settles to the bottom so I have a
crap stick
and so I'm just gonna mix it okay I'm
back
I mixed it and look still watery I don't
know if you can see that so I'm gonna
transfer it to a different container
you're not be okay so I'm back I
transfer it to a lush container like the
ones you get samples in I mixed it all
together
still pretty watery so I don't know I
don't know about this new packaging not
too happy so hmm
I guess I suggest if you have any of the
old bottles you can pour it in there and
just shake it up it'd be easier to use
and that's about it I'll see you all my
next video bye bye